You see a famillar pattern in the flames, a flowing shape that represents the push and pull of the 4 elements in balance. The pattern shifts and inverts, revealing 4 new shapes. Storm, Smoke, decay, and blight. The dark elements ebb and flow gets faster and faster, and more violent. You hear the sounds of humans screaming in the back of your conciousness and your mind fills with visions of a ruined world. Time goes backwards in your vision and the images blur, you see the events of months and months fly by in reverse. Then suddenly, you see the beginning of this prophecy of doom. You see a cave filled with barrels and barrels of magical distilled storm. You see a huge Imperial castle, with smoke billowing all around it as artificers work on weapons. You see a dark elf woman sitting in a house secluded in a mountain, overlooking a village with barren fields, fighting starvation. You see the city of Hammerfast, decaying and broken, and the decay spreading outwards until it consumes the forest you've grown up in.

While these events play in reverse, you see four people moving forward in time, alone in their immunity to the powers of fate. A large strong half-orc man, a richly robed human playing a drum, an old man in robes limping with a cane, and a wood elf woman, weilding a staff and bow. While they resist the powers before them, their eyes are ful of fear. The destined four will need a guide to accomplish their goal and prevent this future

The funeral pyre begins to die down, and the prophecy ends. The ethereal form of Coran stands before you. He cannot speak, but he smiles. He moves his hands to cast a final spell, and his form coalesces into a portal to the Elemental plane of Air