You sleep fitfully within the walls of Hammerfast. It's not as bad as the threshold, but that feeling of dread lingers. You get up and splash some water in your face. Looking down into the basin, you see in the reflection The hard, green face of Maladar the Prosperous.

You are in a hidden cave outside of Hammerfast. Behind you stands Irving Little-Wing, half-elf son of the Ushadi diplomat Jaeron Little-Wing. Irving is standing in a large iron cage, but the door is open. Irving says "Okay, so the plan again: you deliver my signet ring to my father and tell him you've kidnapped me. He'll be forced to pass the protective acts and free the orc slaves. This will work. My father needs me as his heir. He can't ignore a direct threat." Irving grabs your large, orc hand with his small elf hands, and places the ring in your palm "This will work"

You are outside of Hammerfast, suspended 5 feet above the ground by the Elves's magics. Jaeron shouts, so all present can hear: "You would dare kidnap my family for your own political gain, Malador? Dispicible! I cast you out from this, our city of Hammerfast, and declare that neither you, nor you children, nor yoyur children's children, shall ever step into Hammerfast again, so long as her walls stand true. This I decree in the name of the elder council." Jaeron waves his hand, and you are pushed away. Fast. Trees and rocks fly by faster than galloping horses, until eventually, you crumple to the ground.

You are in a hidden cave outside of Hammerfast. Behind you stands no one. Everything of value and your horses have been taken. Nothing is left but the sword in your hand. But the sword isn't in your hand. It's on Drang's swordbelt, and it's broken. You hear Henry snore loudly from the next room. The image of that sword, powerful and whole again, lingers in your mind.