In your deep nightly meditation, you recall a story your mentor Angus told you...

Before you came here to this wood, child, I taught another in the ways of the wood. A wood elf by the name of Marwen. He excelled in bringing forth the energy of the land and together, we expanded this forest. Marwen poured magical energy into the Heart of the Forest. Too much. He began to see the forest as an extension of himself, and his thirst for power grew. Rather than acting as a conduit for the power of nature, he weilded the power with impunity, and destroyed whatever he perceived to be a threat. He did not act as a steward of the Balance; hechampioned this forest above all others. He decided one day that the city of Hammerfast was too great a threat and must be destroyed. We quarreled, and he left the forest. I should have warded the woods against him that day, but I was weak, and hoped he would return in time, wiser and older. And Marwen did return, but he was corrupted. He had followed that desire for power to its end, and found the terrible magics of the Demon World. He attempted to take the forest back for himself, and very nearly succeeded. Many spirit trees and animals were lost that day. But the forest wasw defended and the day was won.

I tell you this, Kiri, that you might never lost sight of what we do. We are not for the supremecy of the forest, and we should not let its power lead us to vanity. Marwen did, and because of his weakness, he nearly destroyed that which he once loved.